---
Title: OrderCloud API v1.0.84 Release Notes
Category: API Release Notes
Tags: OrderCloud API
Slug: ordercloud-api-v1.0.84
Date: 04-October-2018
Status: Published
Summary: Release Notes for OrderCLoud v1.0.84. Release contains performance enhancements and a few minor model changes.
Authors: Kate Reeher
---
Planned To Be Released To Production on October 4th, 2018 at 7:30 PM CST.

## Summary

This release consists of performance enhancements and some minor model additions.

## Updates

### SupplierID added to LineItems

*What Is It?*

We added a _read-only_ property to LineItems that shows the SupplierID if the LineItem inherits one. 

*How Does This Affect Me?*

If your Product Catalog pre-defines Suppliers that a product comes from, you'll be able to see this information on Order LineItems. This may be useful to visually group or otherwise distinguish line-items by their shipping location.

### Add AllowResubmit to Order Approval 

*What Is It?*

We've added the ability to allow users to resubmit an order for approval. 

*Why Is It Important?*

If you use Order Approvals, you can run into situations where if the user just changed *one little thing*, it'd be an approved order. Maybe the buyer wanted 100 jars of bees by Tuesday, but you won't be able to fulfill the order that quickly. If the user gave you a little more time, they could get all 100 jars, or they could settle for the 60 jars you have in stock right now. With `AllowResubmit`, you can allow users to resubmit an order after making the necessary changes, rather than make them build up a whole new order and check out again.

*How Does This Affect Me?*

If you use Order Approval workflows, this could be very handy! As long as the order hasn't been submitted, you can go back and forth as long as you want with a user on an order.

## Bug Fixes

- You should see some better performance and reliability around Product Cache rebuilds. Product Cache rebuilds happen the first time a product listing endpoint is hit after Product Catalog changes have occurred, and previously, sometimes concurrent rebuilds could cause a log-jam. 






