---
Title: DevCenter 1.0.1 Release Candidate Notes
Category: DevCenter Release Notes
Tags: DevCenter, DevCenter, Documentation, Integrations, Platform Guides, API Reference
Slug: ordercloud-devcenter-v1.0.1
Authors: Kate Reeher
---

> Release Scheduled for 7:30 PM Central on January 30th, 2018.

## Release Notes

As part of our ongoing efforts to improve developer experience, we've made some changes to [OrderCloud DevCenter](). Most of the changes are under the hood, but we think you'll appreciate the following:

- We've dusted off the styling for DevCenter in general. It should be mildly faster to respond and more consistant in its design. We also fixed a bunch of nagging little bugs.

- We've heard the cry for [Documentation]() improvements, and we hope you like this initial overhaul!
    + Our collection of [Platform Guides]() should be entirely *correct* and *up to date*. 
    + We've **removed** Use Case Guides, and are currently considering how to better provide this kind of buisness use case information going forward. 
    + One big bug we fixed was the around the [Platform Guide]() section links. These should be much more helpful now when sharing documentation references with your team.
    + We've made improvements to the [Documentation]() loading times. We know this has been a real pain point, but load times should be noticiably improved.

- In the [OrderCloud Dashboard](), we've fixed various bugs, particularly around Buyer and Seller Org managment, and Integrations. 
    + We've also updated the Integrations available to reflect our current platform offerings. 
    + Notably, *Avalara* is not a platform option anymore. We've found Avalara to be an Integration that needs a little more customization than we can currently allow in our our of the box integrations -- if you would like to know more about setting up Avalara as a custom integration, please talk to us [in Slack](). 
    + We have reviewed existing Avalara configurations, and if you were/are using it, your configuration still exists. However, you should contact us to discuss migrating to a custom integration.

- In the [OrderCloud Console](), documentation links have been fixed, and added more lock boxes to make console use easier.

## URL Changes

As part of the DevCenter update, we've changed up some of the DevCenter URLS. Please take note and update bookmarks accordingly.

First off, DevCenter can now be found at [developer.ordercloud.io](https://developer.ordercloud.io). Accordingly, the different sections of DevCenter have also been updated.

- `account.ordercloud.io` can now be found at [developer.ordercloud.io/account]()
- `console.ordercloud.io` can now be found at [developer.ordercloud.io/console]()
- `dashboard.ordercloud.io` can now be found at [developer.ordercloud.io/dashboard]()
- `documentation.ordercloud.io` can now be found at [developer.ordercloud.io/documentation]()
- `community.ordercloud.io` can now be found at [developer.ordercloud.io/community]()

---

As always, if you have questions or comments, please talk to us [in Slack]()! 