---
Title: DevCenter v1.0.6 Release Notes
Category: DevCenter Release Notes
Slug: 1.0.XX-release-notes
Authors: Kate Reeher
Date: 2018-05-08
Status: Draft
Summary: DevCenter API Client ID changes to go along with API v1.0.85.
---

> Released To Production on October 31st, 2018 at 7:30 PM CST.


## Summary

This release contained a general restructuring of DevCenter's dashboard to reorient API Client IDs as the building blocks of an OrderCloud Organization. This also included some changes to the DevCenter Console' Impersonation interface.

### Updates

### API Client Unification

*What Is It?*

We've replaced the idea of _Buyer Networks_, _Buyer Apps_, _Seller Networks_, and _Seller Apps_ with, instead, just the **API Client ID**. Instead of talking about multiple apps with API client IDs attached to a Buyer, we now have multiple API Client IDs with a Buyer Commerce Role.

Check out [API v1.0.85's Release Notes]({filename}../API-ReleaseNotes/v1.0.85.md) for more detail about how this will impact you. Additionally, our documentation has been updated to reflect these changes, particularly [X](), [Y](), and [Z]().

### Console Impersonation Changes

*What Is It?*

Part of the OrderCloud Platform's foundational assumptions is that actions always, always happen in the context of a particular user. This could be the user one is authenticated as, or the user one is [impersonating](). We've come to realize that our previous practice of allowing DevCenter users largely out of context access to organizations and their API Clients was somewhat at odds with this foundational principle. As such, we've changed the Console to require a user to be impersonated in order to access an API Client.

*Why Is It Important?*

An OrderCloud API user, admin or buyer, always is working in its own context of permissions, assignments, and accesses. [Security Profiles]() and [product assignments](), for example, control what products a given user can see, and if they can purchase that product, set the price for that product, order it to be shipped to a non-standard address, etc. Requiring DevCenter users to work within this framework as well follows logically, and enforces the security of an organization's data.

*How Does This Affect Me?*

Any DevCenter user who attempts to use the Console will first be asked to choose the API Client ID they'd like to view, not the previous Buyer App/Seller App choices. Then, they will be required to pick a user to impersonate, and they will only have access to the *intersection* of the [DevCenter user's accesses](https://developer.ordercloud.io/documentation/platform-guides/getting-started/using-the-dashboard/Navigation) and the [impersonated user's accesses](https://developer.ordercloud.io/documentation/platform-guides/authentication/security-profiles/SecurityOverview). This is to preserve security -- Even if a DevCenter User *can* impersonate a user with more credentials than they themselves do, they cannot access those credentials and, for example, alter prices.


Examples:

| DevCenter User Joanie | Impersonated User Bradley | Joanie's Accesses in the Console |
| --------------------- | ------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| FullAccess            | Shopper, AddressAdmin     | Shopper, AddressAdmin            |

|         DevCenter User Joanie         |     Impersonated User Bradley      | Joanie's Accesses in the Console |
| ------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| Shopper, OrderReader, PromotionReader | Shopper, OrderReader, AddressAdmin | Shopper, OrderReader             |



