[All Releases](../../README.md) / [2017](../README.md) / [December](README.md) / v1.0.66-rc
# API v1.0.66 Release Candidate Notes

> Release Date To Be Decided

## New Features

- Customized Platform Object ID Generation

A big question we get from clients a lot is "How can I make the OrderCloud API IDs work nicely with the IDs from my ERP or other internal systems?". 

Prior to API 1.0.66, you could either set the ID manually (which is a pain if you want incrementation to work well) or you could settle for the default platform random GUID, and keep track of your ERP integration ID in an `xp`, or some other work around.

We've added a new feature that aims to make this process much, much simpler! `Incrementation Config` allows you to create a customized pattern for ID generation. 

`Impersonation Config`

    {
      "ID": "",
      "Name": "",
      "LastNumber": 0,
      "LeftPaddingCount": 0
    }

The important parts here are the `LastNumber` and the `LeftPaddingCount`. 

Examples:

objective: Every order from a buyer should start with the buyer company's name, TestCorp, so that it can be differentiated easily by the supplier. The total number of characters for an ID can only be 20 characters long. (ex: `TestCorp-00000000001`)

1. Create the Incrementor Config 

`POST /v1/incrementors/`

    {
      "ID": "config01",
      "Name": "Bob",
      "LastNumber": 0,
      "LeftPaddingCount": 10 
    }

2. Create the order using the Incrementor Config

`POST /v1/orders/outgoing`

    {
        "ID":"TestCorp-{config1}"
    }

returns as:

    {
      "ID": "TestCorp-00000000001",
    ...
    }

If you make another order with this Incrementor Config, you'll get `TestCorp-00000000002` and so on. 

Now, there's a couple caveats with this. When you get to 9


- Allowing a Buyer User to impersonate a Buyer User from a different company


## Bug Fixes

- Duplicate Products returned in `ME` Product Lists

We've fixed a problem where, sometimes in very large catalogs with complicated category structures, a user using a [`GET me/products` list]() would return some duplicate products. This fix should also show some minor performance improvements for very large catalog list calls.

- Post-Submit Order Changes Triggered Promotion Evaluation

Previously, if you tried to alter an order with a promotion after it had been submitted, and the promotion had expired, your alteration would throw an error. We've fixed this so that promotions are never evaluated after order submit now.

- Various performance improvements and other small bug fixes. 
